.\" ===========================================================================
.TH KIBANA 1 "" "1.00"
.\" ===========================================================================
.SH NAME
kibana \(em connect to Listing Service Vpc
.\" ===========================================================================
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBkibana\fP [\fB-uv\fP] [\fB\--help\fP] [\fB--update\fP] [\fB--view\fP] [dg]
.\" ===========================================================================
.SH OPTIONS
\fBkibana\fP options can be prefixed with either one or two hyphens. Thus,
\fB\-u\fP and \fB\-\^\-update\fP are equivalent.
.\" ===========================================================================
.TP \w'\fB\-\^\-version\fP'u+3n
.B -help
Display a brief help message on \fIstdout\fP, giving a usage description, and
then terminate immediately with a success return code.
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.TP
.B -update
Update \fIipv4\fP address, and then terminate immediately with a success return
code. If an instance is provided, that instance's \fIipv4\fP address is updated;
otherwise, all instances' \fIipv4\fP addresses are updated.
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.TP
.B \-view
View \fIipv4\fP address, and then terminate immediately with a success return
code. If an instance is provided, that instance's \fIipv4\fP address is
returned; otherwise, all isntances' \fIipv4\fP addresses are returned.
.\" ===========================================================================
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Listing Service is set running in a private Vpc. As a result, in order to
access its outcome via Amazon OpenSearch Service, a private connection needs to
be established. The steps are detailed in the wiki below. \fBkibana\fP provides
a convenience wrapper to semi-automate a few steps in the wiki.
.PP
\fIhttps://w.amazon.com/bin/view/SSPA/PASF/CAMP/airstream/Services/CAMPListingService/#HKibanasetup\fP
.PP
One important feature is that the EC2 public \fIipv4\fP addrss is required to
connect to Kibana. However, this \fIipv4\fP address can change due to the
dynamic nature of EC2 instance. Here, we provide a flag \fB-u\fP or
\fB--update\fP to update the \fIipv4\fP address so that no more manual lookup
is required.
.\" ===========================================================================
.SH EXAMPLES
Connect to \fIAlphaNA\fP with
.PP
.RS
\&\fC$ kibana\fP
.RE
.PP
Connect to \fIBetaNA\fP with
.PP
.RS
\&\fC$ kibana BetaNA\fP
.RE
.PP
Update all instances' \fIipv4\fP addresses with
.PP
.RS
\&\fC$ kibana --update\fP
.RE
.PP
Update the \fIipv4\fP address of \fIBetaNA\fP with
.PP
.RS
\&\fC$ kibana --update BeatNA\fP
.RE
.PP
View all instances' \fIipv4\fP addresses with
.PP
.RS
\&\fC$ kibana --view\fP
.RE
.PP
View the \fIipv4\fP address of \fIBetaNA\fP with
.PP
.RS
\&\fC$ kibana --view BetaNA\fP
.RE
.PP
.\" ===========================================================================
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ssh (1)
.\" ===========================================================================

